README.md, before:

# CS50 Final Project

## What is CS50?
CS50 is an introductory Computer Science class offered by Harvard.  The curriculum
covers a wide range of relevant topics and is a great place to start if you are new
to programming.  Each week, students complete projects that leverage the information 
learned and the culmination of the class is an open-ended final project.  This repo
is mine.

If you are interested in CS50, check it out here: https://cs50.harvard.edu

## The Application -- Spaced Repetition
This project will implement a spaced repetition learning system.  Spaced repetition 
is a technique for learning and information retention based on the work of Herman 
Ebbinghaus.  The idea is that information decays from our memories at a regular rate
unless it's reviewed regularly.  Through rigorous testing, Ebbinghaus determined a 
schedule for reviewing information that allows for much longer retention.  This app
helps with that.

## Usage
The application is pre-populated with questions from my CS50 course learning.  
However, you can add your own spaced repetition cards to tailor the experience 
to what you'd like to learn.  

## Why another system? 
There are other solutions out there.  Anki is a popular one, and open source.  But in
my opinion, the learning curve and user experience make it an awful solution.  Very few 
people need the powerful features that Anki provides.  This system is very
lightweight, easy to use, and enables people to quickly start learning.

## Hey Buck, why so many commits? 
Great question.  Most repositories have fewer, more meaningful commits.  If you're like me, 
though, and you're newer to programming and git in general, then there can be benefits to
so many small commits.  First, I have a limited amount of time every day to learn and apply
my programming knowledge, so I may only make very small changes on a daily basis.  Second, 
I'm learning git along the way and using it frequently helps.  Third, if you haven't read 
The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Just Showing Up Every Day, then do so.  Or do the 
#100DaysofCode challenge on Twitter.  
https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27833064

Commit message:

add draft create-card page

README.md, after:

# CS50 Final Project

## What is CS50?
CS50 is an introductory Computer Science class offered by Harvard.  The curriculum
covers a wide range of relevant computer science topics and is a great place to start 
if you are new to programming.  Each week throughout the course students complete 
projects that leverage the information they learned and the culmination of the class 
is an open-ended final project.  This repo is my CS50 final project.

If you are interested in CS50, check it out here: https://cs50.harvard.edu

## The Application -- Spaced Repetition
This project will implement a spaced repetition learning system.  Spaced repetition 
is a technique for learning and information retention based on the work of Herman 
Ebbinghaus.  The idea is that information decays from our memories at an accelerated 
rate unless it's reviewed regularly.  Through rigorous testing, Ebbinghaus determined 
a schedule for reviewing information that allows for much longer retention.  This 
app helps with that.

## Usage
The application is pre-populated with questions from my CS50 course learning.  
However, you can add your own spaced repetition cards to tailor the experience 
to what you'd like to learn.  

## Why another system? 
There are other solutions out there.  Anki is a popular one, and open source.  But in
my opinion, the learning curve and user experience make it an awful solution.  Very few 
people need the powerful features that Anki provides.  This system is very
lightweight, easy to use, and allows you to quickly start learning.

## Launching the App
- Clone this repository (TODO: link to general instructions) 
- In your IDE or command line tool of choice, navigate to the project directory and download the requirements
- Run $ python run.py
- In a browser, navigate to the localhost address "127.0.0.1:500" and you should see the app's landing page
- TODO: YT link 

## Hey Buck, why so many commits? 
Great question.  Most repositories have fewer, more meaningful commits.  If you're like me, 
though, and you're newer to programming and git in general, then there can be benefits to
so many small commits.  First, I have a limited amount of time every day to learn and apply
my programming knowledge, so I may only make small changes on a daily basis.  Second, 
I'm learning git along the way and using it frequently helps.  Third, if you haven't read 
[The Unreasonable Effectiveness of Just Showing Up Every Day](https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=27833064), then take a look.  It'll help reinforce the quote you've probably heard a few times
already: "People overestimate what they can do in [a short timeframe] and underestimate 
what they can do [over the long-term]."

Enjoy the app!
- BW
